/*
CH-230-A
a10 p10.1[txt]
Sakar Gopal Gurubacharya
s.gurubacharya@jacobs-university.de
*/


p10.1 (a)
Commenting out using namespace std;

1st Error: "use of undeclared identifier" 
Using namespace prevents conflicts of having same named variables, 
functions etc. using namespace std means we are using std, which 
means standard. The functions inside standard is already defined 
inside iostream - standard library. So we can call the functions 
inside std which includes: cin, cout and all the similar errors 
thrown when that line is commented out. The compiler cannot identify 
cin, cout and other standard functions even if we included 
iostream because these are in the scope of std and the compiler 
doesn't know where to check without namespace.


2nd Error: "did you mean std::cin"
The error keeps reminding the program that whenever it encounters 
one of the functions of iostream like cin, it throws an error saying, 
"did you mean std::cin". The compiler is smart enough to know where to 
look for this function but since it is commented out, i.e. not it scope, 
it cannot process it. Writing in that format is preferred instead of 
"using namespace std" as calling the whole thing defeats its purpose
of what it was designed to prevent.


3rd Error: File directory iostream
It shows a file directory for each error generated, showing where the 
"unknown" functions are defined. It is indeed defined in iostream but 
without the scope being present in the program itself. iostream has 
to always be accompanied by using namespace std or atleast write in 
the form as presented in the 2nd Error.



p10.1 (b)
Removing Critter:: prefix from one of the methods.

1st and only Error: use of undeclared identifier 'name'
Commenting out Critter:: from the first method...
It throws undeclared identifier error.

According to Slide 21 of Lecture 10:
"
When defining a method, specify the name of the class it
belongs to:

void Critter::setName(string name) { ... }

There can be more methods called setName in different classes,
so it is necessary to specify which one it is being defined
"

Basically it means it is necessary to write the name of the method
as it will remove any confusion to the compiler of which to process
if the same methods are defined in different classes. If a function is
defined within a class, without Critter:: preﬁx, the compiler is unsure 
where to look for it and therefore an error is generated. 